MC-1373 MC-541 - ignore healthcheck problems (#156)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/clusters/pages/healthcheck.adoc

system property to `false`.

To manually run a healthcheck, go to *Config Healthcheck* and click *Re-Run Healthcheck*.

== Ignoring Healthcheck Problems

> Sometimes minor differences in member configurations are acceptable. To hide such false positive error reports you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, minor differences in member configurations are acceptable, but the healthcheck report will still display a failed status. To hide failed healthcheck reports, you can
```

> **IGNORE** the reported problems. The ignored problems will not show up again in successive healthcheck runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
click *IGNORE* to ignore the reported problems. The ignored problems will not show up again in future healthchecks.
```
